List of thinks to work on in order to finalize this project and make it ready for Android Users!

Number 1 issue: Removing the hand.

We need to remove the hand graphics since people will be using their fingers instead to play this game. 
What this will mean:
   Slapping action must be addressed (swiping accross dragon's head).
   Pushing buttons on gamescreen to select skills needs to happen.
   Gold should just travel into the gold brick instead of the hand, since we won't have it.
   
   Unit changes:
      The enemies can't target the hand any more so the Father and Charmer both need to be reworked. 
      Perhaps the Father should now just run away from skills instead of the hand, and he could raise the dead (remember that?).
         -Well the father acts as a speed boost, he can have other auras too, like raising dead or maybe even buffing enemy hp to make him a big threat.
         -Or another idea is that when he dies, he reincarnates to a big minion that is hard to kill. He is useless in father state though, he just trys to dodge attacks.
      Charmers could repel fireballs, so they're a little more different than the armors, and they could just target the dragon with their attacks.
         -We can make charmers be support casters that can buff an enemies attacks, like archers range/attack speed. Applying shields to other minions etc.
         
         We should add different modes like how games have survival, campaign, or challenge, etc.
            I think we have survival mode down, maybe make it have some difficulty levels.
            Challenge can be crazy stuff where you unlock the next challenge after you complete the previous.
               -for example
                  Only fathers and charmer (with the changes I made above) fathers reincarnating and charmers buffing their devil spawn would be crazy.
                  Maybe a challenge to reach a certain gold count without buying upgrades at 200% speed
                  Or maybe 300% fireballs only with increased mana regen, but to the point you still have to plan shots wisely to not deplete mp
   ... Anything else?

Other Changes:

   Maybe one idea is getting rid of upgrading the skill and health recharge rates, and just make them naturally increase. Probably makes for a better, more reliable experience for the user.
      -we can make it stage based like in some games where you complete a stage, then buy upgrades, but it'll be pretty generic.
   The Psych Scream is pretty useless, maybe this can be an ultimate sound bomb that clears the screan of enemies, but has a set recharge time instead of using skill.

   More Skills? Or maybe we should save that for another version of this game after we make lots of money with this one. :)


Add more stuff here if you want to suggests ideas, or just talk about things that you think we should do.
   
